\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header (This is for running texinfo on a region.)
@setfilename gaa.info
@settitle GAA Argument Analyzer
@c %**end of header (This is for running texinfo on a region.)

@include version.texi

@ignore
@ifinfo
@format
START-INFO-DIR-ENTRY
* GAA: (gaa.info).   The GAA Argument Analyzer.
END-INFO-DIR-ENTRY
@end format
@end ifinfo
@end ignore

@titlepage
@title The GAA Argument Analyzer
@subtitle A User's Guide for the GNU GAA Argument Analyzer
@subtitle Edition @value{VERSION}
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}
@author Joran Maille, Nikos Mavroyanopoulos, and Eric Gallager
@c Include the Distribution inside the titlepage
@c environment so that headings are turned off.
@c Headings on and off do not work.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} @value{UPDATED-MONTH} Free Software Foundation, Inc.
@sp 2
This is Edition @value{VERSION} of @cite{The GAA Argument Analyzer}, @* for the
@value{VERSION} version of the GNU implementation of GAA.
@sp 2
Published by no one.
@end titlepage

@tex
\documentclass{book}
\usepackage{html}
\usepackage{fancyheadings}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
{\bf \underline{GAA Manual}}\\
GAA Argument Analyzer

\vspace*{\stretch{2}}

\copyright\ Joran Maille 1998,1999\\
Portions \copyright\ Nikos Mavroyanopoulos 2002
\end{center}

\tableofcontents

\input{tut.tex}
\input{ref.tex}

\end{document}
@end tex

@ifinfo
@node Top, (dir), (dir)
@top General Introduction
@c Preface or Licensing nodes should come right
@c after the Top node, in `unnumbered' sections,
@c then the chapter, `What is GAA'.
This file documents @code{gaa}, a tool that does
really neat things.
This is Edition @value{VERSION} of @cite{The GAA Argument Analyzer}, for the
@value{VERSION} version of the GNU implementation of GAA.@refill
@end ifinfo

@summarycontents
@contents
@bye
